Refactoring installation documentation (#832)
liqotech/liqo: docs/pages/installation/_index.md

```bash
gcloud iam service-accounts keys create ${SERVICE_ACCOUNT_PATH} \
    --iam-account=s${sa-name}@${project-id}.iam.gserviceaccount.com
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="K3s" %}}
**Optional**: You only have to export the KUBECONFIG environment variable.
Otherwise, liqoctl will try to use the kubeconfig in kubectl default path (i.e. `${HOME}/.kube/config` )

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=/your/kubeconfig/path
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Install

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="K8s (Kubeadm)" %}}
```bash
liqoctl install --provider kubeadm
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="EKS" %}}

{{% notice note %}}
To run the following command, you must have permission to use the `eks:DescribeCluster` API action with the cluster you specify.
{{% /notice %}}

```bash
liqoctl install --provider eks --eks.region=${EKS_CLUSTER_REGION} --eks.cluster-name=${EKS_CLUSTER_NAME} 
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="AKS" %}}
```bash
liqoctl install --provider aks --aks.resource-group-name ${AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP} --aks.resource-name ${AZURE_RESOURCE_NAME} --aks.subscription-id ${AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID}"
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="GKE" %}}
```bash

> liqoctl install --provider gke --gke.project-id=${GKE_PROJECT_ID} --gke.cluster-id=${GKE_CLUSTER_ID} --gke.zone=${GKE_CLUSTER_ZONE} --gke.credentials-path=${SERVICE_ACCOUNT_PATH}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export KUBECONFIG=/your/kubeconfig/path

liqoctl install --provider gke --gke.project-id=${GKE_PROJECT_ID} --gke.cluster-id=${GKE_CLUSTER_ID} --gke.zone=${GKE_CLUSTER_ZONE} --gke.credentials-path=${SERVICE_ACCOUNT_PATH}
```

### Pre-Installation

As presented in the ["Getting Started" section](/gettingstarted/), Liqo can be used with different topologies and scenarios. 
Clusters can be used for incoming or outgoing peering and construct different topologies (e.g. virtual cluster, cloud burtsting, etc).

The first step using Liqo on your cluster is represented by the installation (e.g., API Server, Authentication).

Before installing Liqo, you should:
* Provision the clusters you would like to use with Liqo. If you need some advice about how to provision clusters on major providers, we have provided [here](./platforms/) some tips.
* Have a look to the [pre-install section](Advanced/_index.md), that presents some common patterns used to expose and interconnect clusters when using Liqo.

### Quick Install

#### Liqoctl 

Liqoctl is the swiss-knife CLI tool to install and manager Liqo. 
It is strongly recommended installing Liqo using Liqoctl since it provides customizations for supported providers.

To install Liqoctl, first, you have to set the architecture and OS of your host:

```bash

> #(Draft)

Reviewer 2: Should be probably removed.

OS=linux # possible values: linux,windows,darwin
ARCH=amd64 # possible values: amd64,arm64 
```

Then, you should execute the following commands the latest version of liqoctl:
```
LATEST_RELEASE=$(curl -L -s -H 'Accept: application/json' https://github.com/liqotech/liqo/releases/latest)
LATEST_VERSION=$(echo $LATEST_RELEASE | sed -e 's/.*"tag_name":"\([^"]*\)".*/\1/')
curl --fail -LSO "https://github.com/liqotech/liqo/releases/download/${LATEST_VERSION}/liqoctl-${OS}-${ARCH}" && chmod +x liqoctl && sudo cp liqoctl-${OS}-${ARCH} /usr/bin/liqoctl
```

> Obviously, you can obtain the same result by visiting the [Liqo releases](https://github.com/liqotech/liqo/releases/) page on our project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can directly download liqoctl from the [Liqo releases](https://github.com/liqotech/liqo/releases/) page on GitHub.
```

Would personally avoid strong terms such as `obviously`.

#### Pre-Requirements

{{% notice note %}}
Liqo only supports Kubernetes >= 1.19.0.
{{% /notice %}}

According to your cluster provider, you may have to perform simple steps before triggering the installation process:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="K8s (Kubeadm)" %}}

##### Supported CNIs

> Liqo supports K8s clusters using the following CNIs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Liqo supports Kubernetes clusters using the following CNIs:
```

Same for the other occurrences.

* [Weave](https://github.com/weaveworks/weave)
* [Flannel](https://github.com/coreos/flannel)
* [Canal](https://docs.projectcalico.org/getting-started/kubernetes/flannel/flannel)

> * [Calico](https://www.projectcalico.org/)

Reviewer 2: Is it still necessary to adapt the calico configuration to avoid networking issues?

Author: Good catch.

##### Configuration 

You only have to export the KUBECONFIG environment variable. 

> Otherwise, liqoctl will try to use the kubeconfig in kubectl default path (i.e. `${HOME}/.kube/config` )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Otherwise, liqoctl will use the kubeconfig in kubectl default path (i.e. `${HOME}/.kube/config` )
```

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=/your/kubeconfig/path
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="EKS" %}}

##### Supported CNIs

Liqo supports EKS clusters using the default CNI:
* [AWS EKS - amazon-vpc-cni-k8s](https://github.com/aws/amazon-vpc-cni-k8s)

##### Configuration

> Compared to the other K8s managed providers, Liqo leverages AWS credentials to authenticate peered clusters.
> Therefore, Liqo on AWS requires some extra permissions.
> In addition to the read-only permissions used to configure the cluster installation, Liqo uses AWS users to map peering access
> to EC2 cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Liqo leverages AWS credentials to authenticate peered clusters.
Specifically, in addition to the read-only permissions used to configure the cluster installation (i.e., retrieve the appropriate parameters), Liqo uses AWS users to map peering access to EKS clusters.
```

Would avoid to compare with other providers, as it might introduce confusion if the big picture is not clear.

The user used for the installation should be able to:

> * **Manage users and Policies** (*"iam:CreateUser","iam:GetUser","iam:CreateAccessKey", "iam:ManageAccessKey","iam:AttachUserPolicy","iam:CreatePolicy","iam:GetPolicy",

Reviewer 2: Would drop the quotes, as they make the text difficult to read.

  "iam:GetPolicyVersion"*).

> * **Fetch details about the cluster amd its network configuration** (*"eks:DescribeCluster","ec2:DescribeVpcs", "ec2:DescribeSubnets"*).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Fetch details about the cluster and its network configuration** (*"eks:DescribeCluster","ec2:DescribeVpcs", "ec2:DescribeSubnets"*).
```

Would move this above the other bullet point, since in the text before they are presented in this order.

> To install Liqo on EKS, you should log in using the AWS cli (if you already did that, you can skip this step)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install Liqo on EKS, you should log in using the AWS cli (if you already did that, you can skip this step).
```

In a nutshell, after having installed the CLI, you have to set up your identity:
```bash
aws configure
```

Second, you should export the cluster's kubeconfig if you have not already. You may use the following CLI command:

```bash
aws eks --region ${EKS_CLUSTER_REGION} update-kubeconfig --name ${EKS_CLUSTER_NAME}
```
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="AKS" %}}

##### Supported CNIs

Liqo supports AKS clusters using the following CNIs:
* [Azure AKS - Kubenet](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/configure-kubenet)
* [Azure AKS - Azure CNI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/configure-azure-cni)

##### Configuration

First, you should have the AZ cli installed and your AKS cluster deployed. If you haven't, you can follow the [official guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli).

Second, you should log-in:
```bash
az login
```

First, let's start exporting required variables:

```bash
export AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP=my-resourceGroup # the resourceGroup where the cluster is created
export AKS_RESOURCE_NAME=my-cluster # the name of AKS cluster resource on Azure

> export AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID=subscription-id # the subscription id associated to the AKS cluster's resource group 

Reviewer 2: To me, exporting those variables adds no value, as the correct values could be directly inserted in the install command below (which adds also them to the history for further use). Just personal opinion though.

```

{{% notice note %}}
You also need read-only permissions on AKS cluster and on the Virtual Networks, if your cluster has an Azure CNI.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="GKE" %}}

##### Supported CNIs 

Liqo supports GKE clusters using the default CNI:
* [Google GKE - VPC-Native](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/alias-ips)

{{% notice note %}}
Liqo does not support GKE Autopilot Clusters
{{% /notice %}}

##### Configuration

To install Liqo on GKE, you should at first create a service account for liqoctl, granting the read rights for the GKE clusters (you may reduce the scope to a specific cluster if you prefer).

First, let's start exporting required variables:
```bash
export SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID=liqoctl-sa #the name of the service account used to interact by liqoctl with GCP
export PROJECT_ID=XYZ # the id of the cluster project
export SERVICE_ACCOUNT_PATH=~/.liqo/gcp_service_account # the path where the google service account is stored
export GKE_CLUSTER_ZONE=europe-west-1b # the GCP zone where your GKE cluster is executed
```

> First, you should create a GCP Service account. 

Reviewer 2: This is the second `first` :)

    --member="serviceAccount:${SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID}@${PROJECT_ID}.iam.gserviceaccount.com" \
    --role="roles/container.clusterViewer"
gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding ${PROJECT_ID} \
    --member="serviceAccount:${SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID}@${PROJECT_ID}.iam.gserviceaccount.com" \
    --role="roles/compute.networkViewer"
```

Third, you should create and download valid service accounts keys, as presented [by the official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys#creating_service_account_keys).

The keys will be used by liqoctl to authenticate to GCP as the service account we just created.

```bash
gcloud iam service-accounts keys create ${SERVICE_ACCOUNT_PATH} \
    --iam-account=${SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID}@${PROJECT_ID}.iam.gserviceaccount.com
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="K3s" %}}

##### Supported CNIs

Liqo supports K3s clusters using the following CNIs:
* [Weave](https://github.com/weaveworks/weave)
* [Flannel](https://github.com/coreos/flannel)
* [Canal](https://docs.projectcalico.org/getting-started/kubernetes/flannel/flannel)
* [Calico](https://www.projectcalico.org/)

##### Configuration

> **Optional**: You only have to export the KUBECONFIG environment variable.
> Otherwise, liqoctl will try to use the kubeconfig in kubectl default path (i.e. `${HOME}/.kube/config` )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You only have to export the KUBECONFIG environment variable.
Otherwise, liqoctl will use the kubeconfig in kubectl default path (i.e. `${HOME}/.kube/config` )
```

For consistency with kubeadm

```bash
export KUBECONFIG=/your/kubeconfig/path
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Install

Now, you can perform the proper Liqo installation on your cluster.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="K8s (Kubeadm)" %}}
```bash
liqoctl install --provider kubeadm
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="EKS" %}}

{{% notice note %}}

> To run the following command, you must have permission to use the `eks:DescribeCluster` API action with the cluster you specify.

Reviewer 2: In the pre-requirement table above, many more permissions were listed. Which one is correct?

{{% /notice %}}

```bash
liqoctl install --provider eks --eks.region=${EKS_CLUSTER_REGION} --eks.cluster-name=${EKS_CLUSTER_NAME} 
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="AKS" %}}
```bash

> liqoctl install --provider aks --aks.resource-group-name ${AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP} --aks.resource-name ${AZURE_RESOURCE_NAME} --aks.subscription-id ${AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID}"

Reviewer 2: Would add manual line breaks to prevent too-long lines.

```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="GKE" %}}
```bash

> export KUBECONFIG=/your/kubeconfig/path

Reviewer 2: Should be moved in the pre-requirements, for consistency with the other providers.

> liqoctl install --provider gke --gke.project-id=${GKE_PROJECT_ID} --gke.cluster-id=${GKE_CLUSTER_ID} --gke.zone=${GKE_CLUSTER_ZONE} --gke.credentials-path=${SERVICE_ACCOUNT_PATH}

Reviewer 2: Would add manual line breaks to prevent too-long lines.

```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="K3s" %}}
```bash

> liqoctl install --provider kubeadm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
liqoctl install --provider k3s
```
?

### Pre-Installation

As presented in the ["Getting Started" section](/gettingstarted/), Liqo can be used with different topologies and scenarios. 
Clusters can be used for incoming or outgoing peering and construct different topologies (e.g. virtual cluster, cloud bursting, etc).

Before installing Liqo, you should:
* Provision the clusters you would like to use with Liqo.
* Have a look to the [pre-install section](./pre-install), that presents some common patterns used to expose and interconnect clusters when using Liqo.

#### Liqoctl 

Liqoctl is the swiss-knife CLI tool to install and manager Liqo. 
It is strongly recommended installing Liqo using Liqoctl since it provides customizations for supported providers.

Under the hood, Liqoctl uses [Helm 3](https://helm.sh/) to configure and install the Liqo chart available on the [official repository](https://helm.liqo.io/). 

> If you prefer having customize the installation, you can use Liqoctl as a provider-specific values file generator and then install Liqo from Helm as usual.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you prefer to customize the installation configuration, you can use liqoctl as a provider-specific values file generator and then install Liqo with Helm as usual.
```

> To install Liqoctl, first, you have to set the architecture and OS of your host:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install liqoctl, first, you have to set the architecture and OS of your host:
```

Would be consistent, either always uppercase, or always lowercase.

```bash
OS=linux # possible values: linux,windows,darwin
ARCH=amd64 # possible values: amd64,arm64 
```

Then, you should execute the following commands the latest version of liqoctl:
```
LATEST_RELEASE=$(curl -L -s -H 'Accept: application/json' https://github.com/liqotech/liqo/releases/latest)
LATEST_VERSION=$(echo $LATEST_RELEASE | sed -e 's/.*"tag_name":"\([^"]*\)".*/\1/')

> curl --fail -LSO "https://github.com/liqotech/liqo/releases/download/${LATEST_VERSION}/liqoctl-${OS}-${ARCH}" && chmod +x liqoctl && sudo cp liqoctl-${OS}-${ARCH} /usr/bin/liqoctl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl --fail -LSO "https://github.com/liqotech/liqo/releases/download/${LATEST_VERSION}/liqoctl-${OS}-${ARCH}" && chmod +x liqoctl-${OS}-${ARCH} && sudo cp liqoctl-${OS}-${ARCH} /usr/bin/liqoctl
```

export SERVICE_ACCOUNT_PATH=~/.liqo/gcp_service_account # the path where the google service account is stored
export GKE_CLUSTER_ZONE=europe-west-1b # the GCP zone where your GKE cluster is executed
```

Second, you should create a GCP Service account. 
This will provide you an identity used by Liqoctl to query all the information needed to properly configure Liqo on your cluster.

The ServiceAccount can be created using:
```bash
gcloud iam service-accounts create ${SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID} \
    --description="DESCRIPTION" \
    --display-name="DISPLAY_NAME" \
    --project="${PROJECT_ID}"
```

Third, you should provide the ServiceAccount just created with the rights to inspect the cluster and virtual networks parameters:

```bash
gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding ${PROJECT_ID} \
    --member="serviceAccount:${SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID}@${PROJECT_ID}.iam.gserviceaccount.com" \
    --role="roles/container.clusterViewer"
gcloud projects add-iam-policy-binding ${PROJECT_ID} \
    --member="serviceAccount:${SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID}@${PROJECT_ID}.iam.gserviceaccount.com" \
    --role="roles/compute.networkViewer"
```

> Third, you should create and download valid service accounts keys, as presented [by the official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys#creating_service_account_keys).

Reviewer 2: Third is present twice

Author: arrgggh
